{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1043{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang19 SIX-Networks User Agreement:\par
\par
Hello and welcome to SIX-Networks. These Terms of Conditions (\ldblquote Terms of Service\rdblquote ) regulate all terms of service, regarding the (\ldblquote SIX\rdblquote ) website network as well as all products and services offered by SIX through the SIX website network including all Content (defined below) available through the withSIX.com domain name and the SIX website network, the "SIX Websites", or "Websites".\par
By registering your user account and/or installing and using our content management client, and/or visiting our websites, you agree to comply with these terms of service and the terms of conditions to SIX Network\rquote s Privacy policy, as published:\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://withSIX.com/legal }}{\fldrslt{http://withSIX.com/legal\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
IF YOU DON\rquote T AGREE WITH THESE TERMS, PLEASE REFRAIN FROM USING OUR PROGRAMS OR VISITING THE SIX WEBSITES.\par
\par
1. \tab User Access conditions:\par
a. \tab Several features provided within our content management Client (Play WithSIX) as well as elements to our websites are restricted to registered users. In order to register, you must be at least 18 years of age.\par
                                  i.\tab If you are not 18 years yet, you may only access our account- related features using a guardians or parents account, as long as you are under supervision and your guardian or parent consents and accepts full responsibility for your conduct.\par
                                 ii.\tab You are required to promptly update your account information, if your contact information changes.\par
b.\tab You become a Play withSIX User by installing the client content management software and completing the registration form.\par
c. \tab You agree that you are solely responsible for all activity on your Account and for the security of your computer system. You may not reveal, share or otherwise allow others to use your password and/or Account. You agree that you are personally responsible for the use of your password and Account and for all of the communication and activity on Steam that results from use of your login name and password. You may not sell or charge others for the right to use your Account, or otherwise transfer your Account.\par
 \par
d.\tab SIX Networks will not be liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account; you may be liable for the losses of SIX or others due to such unauthorized use.\par
 \par
e. \tab Play withSIX may include services and functionalities that assist with identifying soft- and hardware processes. These Functionalities may provide unfair and competitive advantages for users, playing in a multiplayer environment. You agree to not exploit these functionalities in order to create or assist third parties to create modifications. Circumventing, disabling or otherwise interfering with the aforementioned services and functionalities will not be tolerated and constitute illegal behavior.\par
 \par
f. \tab  You acknowledge that SIX Networks is not required to notify you before terminating your Account. \par
 \par
 \par
2. \tab Access to Websites\par
a. \tab SIX Networks gives you permission to use and view a single version of our websites for your personal, non- commercial purpose, if you comply with these terms of service\par
b.\tab You are not allowed to recreate derivate works, license, transfer, sell or resell any content, services or information obtained from our websites.\par
c. \tab SIX Networks reserves the right to discontinue and abandon any aspect of the SIX Websites at any time.\par
d.\tab Access limitations:\par
Not limiting the aforementioned provisions, you are not allowed to,\par
                                  i.\tab Support, institute or become involved in any type of attack, including without limitation denial of service attacks, upon our Websites or otherwise attempt to disrupt the Websites or any other person's use of the Websites;\par
                                 ii.\tab Promote, use or launch any automated system, including but not limited to, "robots," "spiders," "offline readers," etc., that accesses the Websites in a manner that sends more request messages to the SIX Networks servers in a given period of time than a human can reasonably produce in the same period by using a convention on-line web browser;\par
                                iii.\tab try to gain unauthorized access to the Websites, accounts registered to other users, or the computer systems or networks connected to the Websites;\par
                                iv.\tab copy or distribute any part of the Websites in any medium without SIX Network's prior written authorization;\par
                                 v.\tab change or modify any part of the Websites other than as may be reasonably necessary to use the Websites for its intended purpose\par
                                vi.\tab gather or harvest any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Websites, nor to use the communication systems provided by the Websites for any commercial solicitation purposes;\par
                               vii.\tab frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose the Websites or any portion thereof without our prior written consent (which consent may be withheld in our sole discretion);\par
                              viii.\tab circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security related features of the Websites or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Content or enforce limitations on use of the Websites or the Content therein;\par
                                ix.\tab solicit, for commercial purposes, any users of the Websites with respect to their User Submissions;\par
                                 x.\tab\ldblquote stalk\rdblquote  or harass any person or entity; or\par
                                xi.\tab Otherwise violate any applicable law, rule or regulation.\par
 \par
3. \tab Licenses\par
a. \tab License Agreements.\par
                                  i.\tab Play withSIX requires automated downloads and installation of software and other content, as well as updates. You must not use this content for any other purpose as the one provided to you by SIX Networks and agreed to by this Table of contents.\par
                                 ii.\tab SIX Networks may need to stream new versions, pre-load or otherwise enhance its software by means of automatic updates or manual installation, therefore, the system requirements to use the software may change over time.\par
                                iii.\tab Neither this Agreement nor further provisions associated with these terms; in particular, your registration entitles you to future updates, new or enhanced Software, although SIX Networks may choose to provide such improvements on its own digression.\par
                                iv.\tab Hereby you are granted to use a non- exclusive, limited, terminable license for personal use only, in accordance with this License agreement and the terms to your subscription. This software license is not sold and does not confer any title or ownership herein.\par
                                 v.\tab You are prohibited from, modifying the Play withSIX software or any other Software provided to you by SIX Networks in any way nor are you allowed to integrate or combine it with any other software.\par
                                vi.\tab Any redistribution of the Play withSIX software installer is subjected to non-commercial basis only, you are not entitled to any compensation or fee for your redistribution.\par
                               vii.\tab In case of non-commercial redistribution of the Play withSIX installer, you must include any SIX Networks license agreements provided with the installer and preserve all copyright and legal notices that are attached to the copy of the installer you received.\par
 \par
b.\tab Submissions by Users\par
                                  i.\tab Six Networks preserves its right to permit submission of content now or in the future. This includes, but is not limited to chats, forum postings, artwork, bulletin boards, photos, screenshots, music, audio and sound effects, videos, drawings graphics, software, code and algorithms, provided by users. This includes hosting, sharing as well as publishing of such submissions. SIX Networks does not guarantee any form of confidentiality in regard to such submissions\par
                                 ii.\tab Every user is responsible for his submissions and the consequences of publishing and posting content of any form.\par
                                iii.\tab By posting any submissions, you affirm, that\par
1. \tab You own the required licenses, consents, rights or permissions to use and you expressly authorize SIX Networks irrevocably to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, transmit, broadcast, and otherwise communicate, and publicly display and perform the User Generated Information and derivative works thereof in any form, anywhere, with or without attribution to you, and without any notice or compensation to you of any kind.\par
2. \tab User Submissions known as \ldblquote add-ons\rdblquote , "maps", "mods", or other types of Projects submitted through any sites hosted by SIX Networks (\ldblquote Submitted Projects\rdblquote ), the aforementioned rights granted by you will be terminated once you remove or delete such Submitted Projects from SIX Websites.\par
 \par
4. \tab Third Party Content and Websites\par
SIX networks may provide, links to third party websites or forums. These pages are neither owned nor under control of SIX Networks. We take no responsibility for any content, private policies or practices of any third party websites.\par
\par
5. \tab Disclaimers\par
THE CONTENT OF OUR WEBSITE HAS BEEN COMPILED WITH METICULOUS CARE AND TO THE BEST OF OUR KNOWLEDGE. HOWEVER, WE CANNOT ASSUME ANY LIABILITY FOR THE UP-TO-DATENESS, COMPLETENESS OR ACCURACY OF ANY OF THE PAGES.\par
 \par
PURSUANT TO SECTION 7, PARA. 1 OF THE TMG (TELEMEDIENGESETZ \f1\endash  TELE MEDIA ACT BY GERMAN LAW), WE AS SERVICE PROVIDERS ARE LIABLE FOR OUR OWN CONTENT ON THESE PAGES IN ACCORDANCE WITH GENERAL LAWS. HOWEVER, PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 8 TO 10 OF THE TMG, WE AS SERVICE PROVIDERS ARE NOT UNDER OBLIGATION TO MONITOR EXTERNAL INFORMATION PROVIDED OR STORED ON OUR WEBSITE. ONCE WE HAVE BECOME AWARE OF A SPECIFIC INFRINGEMENT OF THE LAW, WE WILL IMMEDIATELY REMOVE THE CONTENT IN QUESTION. ANY LIABILITY CONCERNING THIS MATTER CAN ONLY BE ASSUMED FROM THE POINT IN TIME AT WHICH THE INFRINGEMENT BECOMES KNOWN TO US.\par
OUR WEBSITE CONTAINS LINKS TO THE WEBSITES OF THIRD PARTIES (\ldblquote EXTERNAL LINKS\rdblquote ). AS THE CONTENT OF THESE WEBSITES IS NOT UNDER OUR CONTROL, WE CANNOT ASSUME ANY LIABILITY FOR SUCH EXTERNAL CONTENT. IN ALL CASES, THE PROVIDER OF INFORMATION OF THE LINKED WEBSITES IS LIABLE FOR THE CONTENT AND ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED. AT THE POINT IN TIME WHEN THE LINKS WERE PLACED, NO INFRINGEMENTS OF THE LAW WERE RECOGNISABLE TO US. AS SOON AS AN INFRINGEMENT OF THE LAW BECOMES KNOWN TO US, WE WILL IMMEDIATELY REMOVE THE LINK IN QUESTION.\par
\par
6. \tab Copyright content\par
THE CONTENT AND WORKS PUBLISHED ON OUR WEBSITES AND PROGRAMS ARE GOVERNED BY THE COPYRIGHT LAWS OF GERMANY. ANY DUPLICATION, PROCESSING, DISTRIBUTION OR ANY FORM OF UTILISATION BEYOND THE SCOPE OF COPYRIGHT LAW SHALL REQUIRE THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF SIX NETWORKS.\par
\par
7. \tab Data Protection\par
A visit to our website can result in the storage on our server of information about the access (date, time, page accessed). This does not represent any analysis of personal data (e.g., name, address or e-mail address). If personal data are collected, this only occurs \endash  to the extent possible \endash  with the prior consent of the user of the website. Any forwarding of the data to third parties without the express consent of the user shall not take place.\par
We would like to expressly point out that the transmission of data via the Internet (e.g., by e-mail) can offer security vulnerabilities. It is therefore impossible to safeguard the data completely against access by third parties. We cannot assume any liability for damages arising as a result of such security vulnerabilities.\par
The use by third parties of all published contact details for the purpose of advertising is expressly excluded. We reserve the right to take legal steps in the case of the unsolicited sending of advertising information; e.g., by means of spam mail\par
\par
8. \tab Term\par
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") will be effective as of the date that you click "I Agree" below, and will continue in effect until otherwise terminated in accordance with this Agreement.\par
\par
9. \tab Applicable Law/Jurisdiction\par
You agree that this Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and executed and governed exclusively by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany. Exclusive venue for any and all litigation arising out of or in connection with this agreement and beyond shall be Munich. This shall not apply if an exclusive venue is prescribed by law. In any dispute arising under this Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to attorneys' fees and expenses.\par
\par
10.  MISCELLANEOUS\par
Should any provision of this agreement be or become invalid or should there be a gap in the agreement, this shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions.\f0\par
}
 